docs: Complete changelog and upgrade appVersion to 0.0.3 (#252)
eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/).

> ## [0.0.3] - 2025-05-26
> 
> ### Added
> 
> - Improve layout stability, restructure UI, and add full partners view with CRUD operations ([#214](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/214))
> - Add "name" attribute to Catalog Part to support frontend rendering ([#224](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/224))
> - Add status, materials, and dimensions to CatalogPart; refactor model construction and indexing ([#226](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/226))
> - Add dynamic volume configuration and clean up Helm chart dependencies for E2E stability ([#231](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/231))
> - Refactor microservices FastAPI structure with routers and add health API; fix semantic ID startup bug ([#235](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/235))
> - Integrate backend endpoints with frontend for catalog parts and business partners ([#238](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/238))
> - Refactor sharing functionality with improved requests, digital twin registry, and submodel dispatching ([#239](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/239))
> - Add structured product view with materials pie chart and physical characteristics ([#242](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/242))
> - Add register button for catalog parts with response snackbar and tooltip enhancements ([#244](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/244))
> 
> ### Fixed
> 
> - Enable local Kubernetes deployment by setting `storageClass` to "standard" ([#215](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/215))
> - Sync Python models with SQL schema and add missing constraints/indexes ([#223](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/223))
> - Fix metadata DB bugs, and improve Submodel Service Manager ([#228](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/228))
> - Add delete method and fix upload logic for submodels; update Helm charts ([#229](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/229))
> - Fixed Dockerfile image generation ([#230](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/230))
> - Correct volume name resolution issues for consistency in deployment ([#232](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/232))
> - Fix config map and improve configuration injection mechanism for backend charts ([#233](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/233))
> - Update database schemas and stabilize database secret resolution ([#234](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/234))
> - Fix `libxml2` vulnerabilities ([#236](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/236))
> - Fix catalog part relationships, add description field, and update APIs for filtering ([#237](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/237))
> - Add loading spinner in catalog parts to prevent premature error message display ([#243](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/243))
> - Improve catalog pagination, disable partner edit/delete buttons, add success messages, and enhance share dropdown and table ([#245](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/245))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [0.1.0] - 2025-05-26

### Added

- Improve layout stability, restructure UI, and add full partners view with CRUD operations ([#214](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/214))
- Add "name" attribute to Catalog Part to support frontend rendering ([#224](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/224))
- Add status, materials, and dimensions to CatalogPart; refactor model construction and indexing ([#226](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/226))
- Add dynamic volume configuration and clean up Helm chart dependencies for E2E stability ([#231](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/231))
- Refactor microservices FastAPI structure with routers and add health API; fix semantic ID startup bug ([#235](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/235))
- Integrate backend endpoints with frontend for catalog parts and business partners ([#238](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/238))
- Refactor sharing functionality with improved requests, digital twin registry, and submodel dispatching ([#239](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/239))
- Add structured product view with materials pie chart and physical characteristics ([#242](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/242))
- Add register button for catalog parts with response snackbar and tooltip enhancements ([#244](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/244))
- Added new EDC 0.10.0 compatibility and DTR 0.8.0 ([#218](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/218))

### Fixed

- Enable local Kubernetes deployment by setting `storageClass` to "standard" ([#215](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/215))
- Sync Python models with SQL schema and add missing constraints/indexes ([#223](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/223))
- Fix metadata DB bugs, and improve Submodel Service Manager ([#228](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/228))
- Add delete method and fix upload logic for submodels; update Helm charts ([#229](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/229))
- Fixed Dockerfile image generation ([#230](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/230))
- Correct volume name resolution issues for consistency in deployment ([#232](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/232))
- Fix config map and improve configuration injection mechanism for backend charts ([#233](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/233))
- Update database schemas and stabilize database secret resolution ([#234](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/234))
- Fix `libxml2` vulnerabilities ([#236](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/236))
- Fix catalog part relationships, add description field, and update APIs for filtering ([#237](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/237))
- Add loading spinner in catalog parts to prevent premature error message display ([#243](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/243))
- Improve catalog pagination, disable partner edit/delete buttons, add success messages, and enhance share dropdown and table ([#245](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/245))
- Fixed bug regarding registration and then sharing ([#251](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/industry-core-hub/pull/251)

```
